Add note on tempdb (#8248)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/database/transparent-data-encryption-tde-overview.md

> All newly created databases in SQL Database are encrypted by default by using service-managed transparent data encryption. Existing SQL databases created before May 2017 and SQL databases created through restore, geo-replication, and database copy are not encrypted by default. Existing SQL Managed Instance databases created before February 2019 are not encrypted by default. SQL Managed Instance databases created through restore inherit encryption status from the source. To restore an existing TDE-encrypted database, the required TDE certificate must first be [imported](../managed-instance/tde-certificate-migrate.md) into the SQL Managed Instance. 

> [!NOTE]

> > TDE cannot be used to encrypt system databases, such as the **master** database, in Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance. The **master** database contains objects that are needed to perform the TDE operations on the user databases. It is recommended to not store any sensitive data in the system databases. [Infrastructure encryption](transparent-data-encryption-byok-overview.md#doubleencryption) is now being rolled out which encrypts the system databases including master. The exception is that tempdb is encrypted with TDE whenever it is applied to any user database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TDE cannot be used to encrypt system databases, such as the `master` database in Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance. The `master` database contains objects that are needed to perform TDE operations on user databases. It is recommended not to store any sensitive data in system databases.  The exception is `tempdb`, which is always encrypted with TDE to protect data stored there. 
```
